What is 2+3?
5
What is the only god in godlands that shoots a 4-bullet shotgun?
Sprite God
How many realms do not have the 3-minute teleport restriction?
6, six
How much damage does a white demon deal with an entire shotgun?
135
What is the real name of the t6 seal (gcookie)?
Seal of the Blessed Champion
What status effect does the Quiver of Thunder cause?
Dazed
What is the name of the t3 helmet?
Red Iron Helm
Who is Taylor Swift's crush in her song 'Teardrops on My Guitar'?
Drew
How many switches in total spawn in The Shatters?
8, eight
How many shots does the annoying firecracker katana shoot at once?
3, three
How many guards does the Forgotten King spawn per phase?
7, seven
How many tentacles does the Forgotten King spawn in his tentacle phase?
6, six
What was the last dungeon to be released by Wild Shadow Studios?
Manor of the Immortals
What is the highest tiered item a Dwarf King can drop?
4, T4, Tier 4
How many classes are in RotMG?
14
What classes do you need to make level 20 before the Huntress is unlocked?
Archer Rogue, Rogue archer, archer and rogue, rogue and archer
What category does Hatsune Miku, Megurine Luka, and Kagamine Len beling to?
Vocaloid, vocaloids
In the default Windows operation system, if I were to delete a document on the desktop, where would it go?
recycling bin
What is both love and life?
Shrek
What dungeon can drop from both a normal monster and an event boss?
Ice Cave
In Pokemon, what is the only type that has no legendary pokemon (except Arceus plates)?
poison
How many vault spaces can you have unlocked at max?
280
This Japanese flash game features anime girls who are actually battleships:
Kantai Collection, KanColle
Which Pokemon is known as the Jewel Pokemon?
Diancie, carbink
What is the only tiered weapon with a different attack speed from all other tiered weapons of its type?
Obsidian Dagger, T6 dagger
In the Crawling Depths, how many generators are there for the boss's web?
9, nine
There are four titanums in the first boss of the Shatters. They are named Hate, Lies, Cruelty, and ______
Despair
In the easy mode of the Lair of Draconis, the green dragon is known as Limoz the ______ _____
veridian dragon
What is the max amount of Ent Ancients that can spawn per realm?
30
There are four colors typically found in a color printer. They are black, yellow, cyan, and _______
magenta
What is the tier-3 trap called?
savage trap
What is the tier-2 poison called?
pit viper poison
What color drake egg inflicts bleeding on enemies when activated?
Yellow
What % fame bonus does the achievement "Oryx Slayer" grant?
10
How much % fame bonus does the coral ring give?
4
How many skins are there for the mystic?
4, four
What's my favorite number?
91
In which state is Taylor Swift born?
Pennsylvania
According to Taylor Swift, in which age will you believe it when someone tells you they love you?
15, fifteen
What tier staff shoots yellow bullets?
T4, 4, tier 4
How much total xp will you recieve for killing a Lair Big Brown Slime and its children?
120
How many different enemies exist outside of the boss (and treasure) room in the Abyss of Demons?
6, six
How much more damage on average does hot lava deal than normal lava?
30
How much feed power is required to get a pet's first level from 90 to 100?
273344


